fix: Simplify emitted declarations for dependent integrations (#103)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/gorgeous-nails-cry.md

---
"astro-integration-kit": patch
---

> Simplify emitted declarations for dependent integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simplifies emitted declarations for dependent integrations.
```

> Previoysly an integration using AIK and publishing to NPM with their type declarations would generate a type like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously an integration using Astro Integration Kit and publishing to NPM with their type declarations would generate a type like this:
```
